emqx: add deprecation notice (#2571)
docker-library/docs: emqx/deprecated.md

Starting from v5.9.0, EMQX has unified all features from the previous Open Source and Enterprise editions into a single, powerful offering with the Business Source License (BSL) 1.1.

If you want to understand why we made the change, please read this [blog post](https://www.emqx.com/en/news/emqx-adopts-business-source-license), and if you want to know more about the new license, please read the [EMQX Licensing FAQ](https://www.emqx.com/en/content/license-faq).

> Consequently, we stopped publishing the official Dockehub `emqx` image. EMQX v5.9.0+ will only be available in the `emqx/emqx` and `emqx/emqx-enterprise` Docker repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, we stopped publishing the `emqx` Docker Official Image. EMQX v5.9.0+ will only be available in the [`emqx/emqx`](https://hub.docker.com/r/emqx/emqx) and [`emqx/emqx-enterprise` ](https://hub.docker.com/r/emqx/emqx-enterprise) Docker Hub repositories.
```
